SelenaH -- 2022-10-28 7:20
In design_wiki0, we included examples of how our tables would be organized but the examples weren't directly tied to the wiki topic we chose.
	Team Metamorphosis gave us feedback to include examples directly related to our chosen topic in the future.
	They also suggested that we include how we're going to deal with the potential errors that might come up if we allow users to directly edit the HTML of a page they want to edit.

JoshuaL -- 2022-11-2 11:30
Design Doc changes: We made slight tweaks in the site map and added new ideas to add once we have the basic framework of the website working. 
    Story ids are going to start at 1 and increase with each new story, (eg. 1, 2, 3 . .) The id can also be used to search for certain stories.
    Usernames should be unique so if the username already exists, alert the user and send them back to the registration page.

SelenaH -- 2022-11-7 2:05
Added the html files that we started working on during class. (index, login, register, Add_story)

SelenaH -- 2022-11-8 12:08
I changed Add_story.html to create.html and updated the form for creating a new story. I also added the edit.html file with the form to edit the story.
    Added a nav bar to index.html. 
    Changed the actions for the login and register forms in login.html and register.html, respectively, to correspond to what their routes would be in flask.

JoshuaL -- 2022-11-8 2:14
I started working on the Flask portion of the project, connecting up the different templates and allowing logging in. 
    I changed some of the html to fit with the code. Still have to implement sessions.

GordonM -- 2022-11-8 5:00
I created a python file that makes the database using SQLite3. The database contains the four tables that we specified on the design doc: user table, link table, story table,
	and contribution table. As of right now, the tables are empty. Will need to implement methods to access and edit these tables. 

GordonM -- 2022-11-9 4:57
I added a conditional that creates the database if the database does not exist. I had to import os to do this.
    Will have to add composite key for contribution table.

SelenaH -- 2022-11-9 7:24
I modified the code that creates the tables so we don't need to import os (used if not exists to create tables instead).
	I added User_exists(username) and User_pass_match(username, passoword) methods to be used when logging in and registering.
	User table has a user with username "user" and password "pass" to run test cases. 

SelenaH -- 2022-11-9 9:15
Imported db.py into app.py.
	Connected logging in in app.py to database by using User_pass_match function.
	Originally got "ProgrammingError: Cannot operate on a closed cursor." and fixed it by opening and closing cursors within each function in db.py and deleted db.close() and the end of db.py.
	I think I needed to get rid of db.close() in the file because it would close the connection to the database after the python script was run once.
	Added check_same_thread=False to sqlite3.connect because I was getting a same thread programming error.
	Same thread programming error seemed to be because I was using the database related function in app.py when the function originated from db.py which means that it's not in the same thread (not entirely sure).
	According to documentation (https://docs.python.org/3/library/sqlite3.html): "If False, the connection may be shared across multiple threads"

GordonM -- 2022-11-9 9:52
Made a minor change where I made the contribution table to contain a primary key called user_story_pk that is made up of a combination of the user_id and story_id columns.
	So every combination of user_id and story_id must be unique in the contribution table. 
	
SelenaH -- 2022-11-10 2:04
Added add_User and updated the readme.
	Need to use ? instead of f strings.
